Documentation Standard Updates (#9)
fivetran/dbt_qualtrics: README.md

- A daily breakdown model which provides a high level view of a variety of Qualtrics account metrics at a daily level.

<!--section="qualtrics_transformation_model"-->

> The following table provides a detailed list of all models materialized within this package by default.
> > TIP: See more details about these models in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_qualtrics/#!/overview/qualtrics).
> 
> | **model**                 | **description**                                                                                                    |

Author: ```suggestion
The following table provides a detailed list of all tables materialized within this package by default.
> TIP: See more details about these tables in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_qualtrics/#!/overview/qualtrics).

| **Table**                 | **Description**                                                                                                    |
```
